A deed to Phoenix Mountain
5 sea view villas
50 gold bricks
Global limited edition of 6 Rolls-Royces
A private jet
3 antique watches
A three-story cruise ship, a Bulgari ruby jewelry.
The following is the card gift given by the Li family to the Su family
Uh, these are Li Zeyan
Is it for our Sitian?
No no no these are the betrothal gifts given by Mr. Li to Miss Su Yaoan
Please feel at ease with Miss Su to marry
Waiting for our young master Li to come and marry
Oh ho
Mom
Kobayashi Kobayashi Kobayashi
Go slowly, Kobayashi
It's impossible that Li Zeyan has only met you once. Why should he marry you?
Oops um
This might be called
10,000 years at a glance
Until death
Why did you rob my brother Zeyan?
Just because I am the eldest daughter of the Su family
And you're just the illegitimate son of a mistress?
Yaoyao
Did you leave me because Li Zeyan is richer than me?
Let go, it's dirty
Susu Yao'an
I didn't expect you to be such a vain woman
Are you toasting instead of eating and drinking?
Sister, soon the whole of Daxia will know that you are a woman who was played by He Feiyu
Sister, I heard that spanking makes people smarter
Hope you are smarter next time.
She's yours. Enjoy
I haven't touched it for so many years
I will bloom for you today.
You dare to touch my people
Li Zeyan, you broke into our house like this
And take my daughter
You don't take our Su family seriously, do you?